# Pricing and support

@consolidated billing :

The consolidated billing feature of AWS Organizations enables you to receive a single bill for all AWS accounts in your organization. By consolidating, you can easily track the combined costs of all the linked accounts in your organization. The default maximum number of accounts allowed for an organization is 4, but you can contact AWS Support to increase your quota, if needed.

@ AWS Budgets : 

In AWS Budgets, you can create budgets to plan your service usage, service costs, and instance reservations.

The information in AWS Budgets updates three times a day. This helps you to accurately determine how close your usage is to your budgeted amounts or to the AWS Free Tier limits.

In AWS Budgets, you can also set custom alerts when your usage exceeds (or is forecasted to exceed) the budgeted amount.


@ AWS Cost Explorer :

AWS Cost Explorer is a tool that lets you visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time.

AWS Cost Explorer includes a default report of the costs and usage for your top five cost-accruing AWS services. You can apply custom filters and groups to analyze your data. For example, you can view resource usage at the hourly level.


@ AWS Support :
AWS offers four different Support plans to help you troubleshoot issues, lower costs, and efficiently use AWS services. 
You can choose from the following Support plans to meet your company’s needs: 

Basic
Developer
Business
Enterprise On-Ramp
Enterprise

@ Technical Account Manager (TAM) :
The Enterprise On-Ramp and Enterprise Support plans include access to a Technical Account Manager (TAM).


@ AWS Marketplace : 

AWS Marketplace is a digital catalog that includes thousands of software listings from independent software vendors. You can use AWS Marketplace to find, test, and buy software that runs on AWS. 

For each listing in AWS Marketplace, you can access detailed information on pricing options, available support, and reviews from other AWS customers






