# Migration and Innovation in AWS

@ Six core perspectives of the Cloud Adoption Framework : 

At the highest level, the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework (AWS CAF) organizes guidance into six areas of focus, called Perspectives. Each Perspective addresses distinct responsibilities. The planning process helps the right people across the organization prepare for the changes ahead.

In general, the Business, People, and Governance Perspectives focus on business capabilities, whereas the Platform, Security, and Operations Perspectives focus on technical capabilities.


@ 6 strategies for migration : 

When migrating applications to the cloud, six of the most common migration strategies(opens in a new tab) that you can implement are:

Rehosting
Replatforming
Refactoring/re-architecting
Repurchasing
Retaining
Retiring

@ AWS Snow Family members :

The AWS Snow Family is a collection of physical devices that help to physically transport up to exabytes of data into and out of AWS. 
AWS Snow Family is composed of AWS Snowcone, AWS Snowball, and AWS Snowmobile. 

These devices offer different capacity points, and most include built-in computing capabilities. AWS owns and manages the Snow Family devices and integrates with AWS security, monitoring, storage management, and computing capabilities.  


1 - AWS Snowcone is a small, rugged, and secure edge computing and data transfer device. 
It features 2 CPUs, 4 GB of memory, and up to 14 TB of usable storag


2 - AWS Snowball offers two types of devices:

Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices are well suited for large-scale data migrations and recurring transfer workflows, in addition to local computing with higher capacity needs. 
Storage: 80 TB of hard disk drive (HDD) capacity for block volumes and Amazon S3 compatible object storage, and 1 TB of SATA solid state drive (SSD) for block volumes. 
Compute: 40 vCPUs, and 80 GiB of memory to support Amazon EC2 sbe1 instances (equivalent to C5).

Snowball Edge Compute Optimized provides powerful computing resources for use cases such as machine learning, full motion video analysis, analytics, and local computing stacks. 
Storage: 80-TB usable HDD capacity for Amazon S3 compatible object storage or Amazon EBS compatible block volumes and 28 TB of usable NVMe SSD capacity for Amazon EBS compatible block volumes. 
Compute: 104 vCPUs, 416 GiB of memory, and an optional NVIDIA Tesla V100 GPU. Devices run Amazon EC2 sbe-c and sbe-g instances, which are equivalent to C5, M5a, G3, and P3 instances.


3- AWS Snowmobile : 
is an exabyte-scale data transfer service used to move large amounts of data to AWS. 
You can transfer up to 100 petabytes of data per Snowmobile, a 45-foot long ruggedized shipping container, pulled by a semi trailer truck.





