# This is my AWS Learning 

When determining the right Region for your services, data, and applications, consider the following four business factors.

1) Complience - Depending on your company and location, you might need to run your data out of specific areas. 
2) Proximity - Selecting a Region that is close to your customers will help you to get content to them faster
3) Features and Avaibility - Sometimes, the closest Region might not have all the features that you want to offer to customers.
4) Pricing - Suppose that you are considering running applications in both the United States and Brazil. The way Brazil’s tax structure is set up, it might cost 50% more to run the same workload out of the São Paulo Region compared to the Oregon Region. You


@ Avaibility Zone 

An Availability Zone is a single data center or a group of data centers within a Region. Availability Zones are located tens of miles apart from each other.

@ Edge locations

An edge location is a site that Amazon CloudFront uses to store cached copies of your content closer to your customers for faster delivery.


@Ways to interact with AWS services
To learn about ways to interact with AWS services choose each of the following three tabs.

1- AWS Management Console : The AWS Management Console is a web-based interface for accessing and managing AWS services. You can quickly access recently used services and search for other services by name, keyword, or acronym. The console includes wizards and automated workflows that can simplify the process of completing tasks.

2- AWS Command Line Interface : To save time when making API requests, you can use the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI). AWS CLI enables you to control multiple AWS services directly from the command line within one tool. AWS CLI is available for users on Windows, macOS, and Linux. 

3 - Software development kits : Another option for accessing and managing AWS services is the software development kits (SDKs). SDKs make it easier for you to use AWS services through an API designed for your programming language or platform. SDKs enable you to use AWS services with your existing applications or create entirely new applications that will run on AWS.


@ AWS Elastic Beanstalk : 

With AWS Elastic Beanstalk, you provide code and configuration settings, and Elastic Beanstalk deploys the resources necessary to perform the following tasks:

Adjust capacity
Load balancing
Automatic scaling
Application health monitoring
AWS CloudFormation

With AWS CloudFormation, you can treat your infrastructure as code. This means that you can build an environment by writing lines of code instead of using the AWS Management Console to individually provision resources.

AWS CloudFormation provisions your resources in a safe, repeatable manner, enabling you to frequently build your infrastructure and applications without having to perform manual actions. It determines the right operations to perform when managing your stack and rolls back changes automatically if it detects errors.
