# Security Policies in AWS 

@ The AWS shared responsibility model :

Throughout this course, you have learned about a variety of resources that you can create in the AWS Cloud. These resources include Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon S3 buckets, and Amazon RDS databases. Who is responsible for keeping these resources secure: you (the customer) or AWS?
The answer is both. The reason is that you do not treat your AWS environment as a single object. Rather, you treat the environment as a collection of parts that build upon each other. AWS is responsible for some parts of your environment and you (the customer) are responsible for other parts. This concept is known as the shared responsibility model(opens in a new tab).
The shared responsibility model divides into customer responsibilities (commonly referred to as “security in the cloud”) and AWS responsibilities (commonly referred to as “security of the cloud”).

@AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) : 
- AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) enables you to manage access to AWS services and resources securely.   

@ IAM users :
- An IAM user is an identity that you create in AWS. It represents the person or application that interacts with AWS services and resources. It consists of a name and credentials.

@ IAM policies : 
- An IAM policy is a document that allows or denies permissions to AWS services and resources.  

@ IAM groups :
An IAM group is a collection of IAM users. When you assign an IAM policy to a group, all users in the group are granted permissions specified by the policy.

@ AWS Organizations :
Suppose that your company has multiple AWS accounts. You can use AWS Organizations to consolidate and manage multiple AWS accounts within a central location.
When you create an organization, AWS Organizations automatically creates a root, which is the parent container for all the accounts in your organization. 
In AWS Organizations, you can centrally control permissions for the accounts in your organization by using service control policies (SCPs). 
SCPs enable you to place restrictions on the AWS services, resources, and individual API actions that users and roles in each account can access.

@ Organizational units :
In AWS Organizations, you can group accounts into organizational units (OUs) to make it easier to manage accounts with similar business or security requirements. 
When you apply a policy to an OU, all the accounts in the OU automatically inherit the permissions specified in the policy.  


@ AWS Artifact : 
Depending on your company’s industry, you may need to uphold specific standards. An audit or inspection will ensure that the company has met those standards.
AWS Artifact is a service that provides on-demand access to AWS security and compliance reports and select online agreements. AWS Artifact consists of two main sections: AWS Artifact Agreements and AWS Artifact Reports.

AWS Artifact Agreements : 
Suppose that your company needs to sign an agreement with AWS regarding your use of certain types of information throughout AWS services. You can do this through AWS Artifact Agreements. 

AWS Artifact Reports :
Next, suppose that a member of your company’s development team is building an application and needs more information about their responsibility for complying with certain regulatory standards. You can advise them to access this information in AWS Artifact Reports.

@ Denial-of-service attacks : 
A denial-of-service (DoS) attack is a deliberate attempt to make a website or application unavailable to users.

@ AWS Shield :
AWS Shield is a service that protects applications against DDoS attacks. AWS Shield provides two levels of protection: Standard and Advanced.



